app: add Tauri readme (#51083)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: src-tauri/README.md

### Sourcegraph backend

The Sourcegraph backend or as it was previously known "single binary", contains all the Sourcegraph services but in one binary! To build it:

1. `pnpm build-web` - the Sourcegraph web app gets embedded into the frontend service binary, so we need to build it otherwise the frontend is going to have some old client web app (or nothing!)
2. ```
   go build \
    -o .bin/sourcegraph-backend-aarch64-apple-darwin \
    -tags dist \
    -ldflags '-X github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/internal/conf/deploy.forceType=app' \
    ./enterprise/cmd/sourcegraph
   ```

3. The previous command will put a binary in `.bin` named `sourcegraph-backend-aarch64-apple-darwin`. Take note of the name, which is `sourcegraph-backend`. This name has to match the sidecar name in the `tauri.conf.json` and in the Rust code!

### Tauri

Tauri has two modes that you can run.

> - `pnpm tauri dev` which will run all of tauri except the tauri frontend and any sidecars, instead it will directly just open you app according to the `devPath` set in `tauri.conf.json`. Since it's not running the `sourcegraph-backend`, you have to start it! So make sure you run have to Sourcegraph backend running!. In short, you need to following commands to run in 'dev' mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pnpm tauri dev` which will run all of tauri except the tauri frontend and any sidecars, instead it will directly just open you app according to the `devPath` set in `tauri.conf.json`. Since it's not running the `sourcegraph-backend`, you have to start it! So make sure you run have to Sourcegraph backend running!. In short, you need the following commands to run in 'dev' mode:
```

(maybe, but definitely not `to` ;))

> - `pnpm tauri dev` which will run all of tauri except the tauri frontend and any sidecars, instead it will directly just open you app according to the `devPath` set in `tauri.conf.json`. Since it's not running the `sourcegraph-backend`, you have to start it! So make sure you run have to Sourcegraph backend running!. In short, you need to following commands to run in 'dev' mode:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Dev mode` which will run all of tauri but it does not embed the `sourcegraph-backend` instead it utilizes externally running sidecars and will directly open the app according to the `devPath` set in `tauri.conf.json`. To run the app in 'dev' mode you need to run the following command:
  - `sg start app`
```

- - `sg start app`

> - - `pnpm tauri dev`

Reviewer: `sg start app` runs `pnpm tauri dev`, right? When would I run `pnpm tauri dev` on its own?

Reviewer 2: Thats correct `sg start app` should now be the only command needed.

## Required software

- Rust 1.68.0
- pnpm

## Getting started

1. Make sure you have all the required software. If not, you can run `sg setup` to get everything installed.

2. We have to make sure that all the client code has all its dependencies installed. To do that run `pnpm install` in the root of the repository.

3. Everything should now be ready! To do a full build without much thinking you can run `./enterprise/dev/app/build-release.sh`. Which will build the Tauri frontend shell, `sourcegraph-backend` and ultimately the Tauri App!

## How do I build the individual parts?

### Tauri frontend shell

You can find the Tauri frontend shell at `client/app-shell` and to build it you can either run `pnpm build-app-shell` from the repository root or in `client/app-shell` you can run `pnpm build`. Both commands will create a bundled js app in `client/app-shell/dist` along with an `index.html` which references the bundled js.

### Sourcegraph backend

> The Sourcegraph backend or as it was previously known "single binary", contains all the Sourcegraph services but in one binary! To build it:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Sourcegraph backend, or "single binary" as it was previously known, contains all the Sourcegraph services but in one binary! To build it:
```

1. `pnpm build-web` - the Sourcegraph web app gets embedded into the frontend service binary, so we need to build it otherwise the frontend is going to have some old client web app (or nothing!)
2. ```
   go build \
    -o .bin/sourcegraph-backend-aarch64-apple-darwin \
    -tags dist \
    -ldflags '-X github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/internal/conf/deploy.forceType=app' \
    ./enterprise/cmd/sourcegraph
   ```

3. The previous command will put a binary in `.bin` named `sourcegraph-backend-aarch64-apple-darwin`. Take note of the name, which is `sourcegraph-backend`. This name has to match the sidecar name in the `tauri.conf.json` and in the Rust code!

### Tauri

Tauri has two modes that you can run.

- `Dev mode` which will run all of tauri but it does not embed the `sourcegraph-backend` instead it utilizes externally running sidecars and will directly open the app according to the `devPath` set in `tauri.conf.json`. To run the app in 'dev' mode you need to run the following command:
  - `sg start app`

> - - `sg start app`
> - - `pnpm tauri dev`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
